Do you Watch YouTube videos ? Sometimes we can't filter what we watch in Youtube. At TopyYoutubvideos.com, it gives you the opportunity to view daily updated selection of most amazing YouTube videos, hottest YouTube.com news and information about YouTube.

Anime-Planet offers anime and manga recommendations, information, and reviews; social networking; and the ability to keep track of what you’ve watched. Sign up today to submit your own recommendations and reviews, catalogue your anime list, and meet new

In Origami-Kids.com you will find instructions and diagrams totally FREE, to make 50+ models of paper airplanes and paper boats, with Interactive 3D animation to fold the airplanes and boats, that guided you, step to step, in the construction of the model<|endoftext|>Malignant mixed epithelial and stromal tumor of the kidney with rhabdoid features: report of a case including immunohistochemical, molecular genetic studies and comparison to morphologically similar renal tumors.
Mixed epithelial stromal tumor of the kidney (MEST)/adult cystic nephroma (CN) is a lesion characterized by epithelial lined tubular or cystic structures interspersed within a variably prominent, distinctive spindle-cell stroma. Although typically benign, cases with malignant features have been reported. Herein, we report a MEST/CN with malignant stromal features and rhabdoid differentiation arising in the left kidney of an 84-year-old woman. Histologically, the tumor displayed multiple tubules and variably sized cystic structures lined by benign epithelium with an intervening malignant-appearing spindle-cell stroma. The malignant stroma displayed condensation in the regions surrounding the epithelial component consistent with the ovarian-like stroma typically observed in MEST/CN. In addition, the stromal cells displayed extensive rhabdoid differentiation. Immunohistochemical analysis revealed strong expression of cytokeratin 7, CAM 5.2, AE1/AE3, wide-spectrum keratin, and epithelial membrane antigen by the epithelial component. The stromal component displayed strong immunohistochemical expression of WT-1, CD-99, CD-56, INI1, and estrogen receptor; focal actin positivity; and was negative for desmin, myogenin, and progesterone receptor. Analysis by reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction failed to identify the SYT-SSX1 or SYT-SSX2 fusion transcripts characteristic of synovial sarcoma. To our knowledge, this represents the first report in the literature of malignant MEST with rhabdoid features and suggests that this entity should be considered in the diagnosis of renal stromal malignancies with prominent rhabdoid features.<|endoftext|>top

main

HEADLINES

When The Dead South goes South you can be sure they’re bringing their party hats! We already know that “Wherever The Dead South goes their Good Company expands” but did you also know that their debut album “Good Company” is charting again on the US Alternative Album charts ? If you’d like to see them live this month or next, check them out at any of the venues below, tickets are still available but they’re going fast – you can get your tickets here

After a long visit at the Canadian-US Border, a few cancelled shows but a new arsenal of songs and melodies, The Dead South are finally in Nashville and showcasing their raw Canadian Talent on three different occasions during their stay! Catch them on Friday at 1:15 at @Indo or at midnight at TheStationInn or on Saturday at 5.45pm @Indo!<|endoftext|>Wingfield Bullock

Wingfield Bullock (died October 13, 1821) was a U.S. Representative from Kentucky.

Born in Spotsylvania, Virginia, Bullock studied law.
He moved to Kentucky.
He served as member of the Kentucky Senate from Shelby County from 1812 to 1814.

Bullock was elected as a Democratic-Republican to the Seventeenth Congress (March 4, 1821 – October 13, 1821).
He died on October 13, 1821, in Shelbyville, Kentucky.
He was interred in an old burying ground near Shelbyville.

See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1790–1899)

References

Category:18th-century births
Category:1821 deaths
Category:Members of the United States House of Representatives from Kentucky
Category:Kentucky Democratic-Republicans
Category:Democratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
Category:Kentucky state senators<|endoftext|>Fluorometric determination of alpha-ketosuccinamic acid in rat tissues.
A method for the fluorometric determination of alpha-ketosuccinamic acid, the alpha-keto acid analog of asparagine, is described. The procedure involves the hydrolysis of alpha-ketosuccinamate to oxaloacetate by omega-amidase followed by NADH-dependent reduction of oxaloacetate to malate by malate dehydrogenase. A correction for endogenous oxaloacetate is made by using control samples lacking omega-amidase. Of the rat tissues investigated, liver contained the highest concentration, followed by kidney (53 +/- 6 (n = 11) and 18 +/- 3 (n = 3) mumol/kg wet wt, respectively). alpha-Ketosuccinamate was not detected in brain (less than 8 mumol/kg wet wt). Some chemical properties of alpha-ketosuccinamate were investigated. Concentrated solutions of sodium alpha-ketosuccinamate frozen for extended periods and the solid sodium salt of alpha-ketosuccinamate dimer heated to 130 degrees C are converted to at least 10 products by processes involving dimerization, dehydration, and decarboxylation. Isobutane chemical ionization mass spectral analysis (170-230 degrees C) of the free acid monomer yielded similar products. Many of the breakdown products were identified as di- and monoheterocyclic compounds, some of which are known to be of biological importance.<|endoftext|>Rated 5 / 5 stars2011-12-16 16:07:51

Rated 4.5 / 5 stars2011-12-16 09:51:59

To the guy 2x below me double fuck you!

This was hillarious man! XD And animation wise I'll admit I have no experience what so ever other than seeing alot of animations in here. But the facial animation and expressions totally worked man good job.

Rated 4 / 5 stars2011-12-16 04:21:54

To the guy below, fuck you...

For a first go, it's pretty damn impressive, impressive enough to get front page! The day where you provide something better than this steventrouble i'll rip you to fucking shit you dick sniffing cunt bucket! RicePirate, you did a good job, it was a little too short and a bit more details could have been added but overall you did a good animation, a lot of people starting out animation or design itself will be able to relate to this, good job. Ignore this twats comment, well done on your first go. and incase i didnt make it clear, Fuck you, you unsupportive twat steven trouble. Yes i have a problem with people like you.<|endoftext|>In the Profiles in Confidence series I interview writers, bloggers and other guys who have generously agreed to share their stories, struggles, secrets and tips about using self-improvement to build self-confidence.

The series is designed to let you learn from their struggles, and provide a reminder that you’re not the only guy out there working to improve himself. Quite the opposite, actually: you’re surrounded by like-minded friends and brothers in arms.

For the latest instalment, I talked to Khoi Nguyen, founding editor of the excellent style blog Gentleman Within and author of the I Am a Gentleman Manifesto, both of which he created to help men dress better and feel their best.

Khoi believes that style is worth caring about, and we discussed the ways that style helped him become his best self – and how it can help you do the same.

On a scale of 1 to 10 – 1 being extremely low self-esteem and 10 being a Tony Robbins-level of confidence and self-worth – how would you rate your self-confidence right now?

This is hard to quantify in numbers, but if I had to, I’d say I’m somewhere between a 6 and 7 in confidence and self-worth.

There are definitely levels to this and much like emotional and mental state of mind, confidence comes and goes, wavering from time to time. I struggle like anyone else when it comes to self-confidence, and I know that I have a lot of growing to do.

There are times that I still doubt myself. It’s especially easy in a world where so much of our self-worth is predicated on external factors in the form of number of followers on social media or likes that we get.

Having confidence is definitely a mindset and is something that can be groomed. I believe the more you know about a subject and how well prepared you are can shape your level of confidence. For example, I’m more confident in some areas than others.

When it comes to my craft of design and menswear, my confidence grows by the day because I’m so immersed in it. It’s a huge part of my life.

The more you can immerse yourself into something you absolutely love, the higher your levels of confidence can grow.

On the same scale of 1 to 10, what would you your lowest number was? Where and when did your self-confidence bottom out?

I can’t say I’ve ever been a 3 or below just because I’m an optimist at heart and most of the times it’s difficult for an optimist to bottom out on self-confidence.

I’d say I had a pretty low self-confidence after I graduated college. I was accepted into a post-graduate internship at a NYC advertising agency for 3 months.

It was a rigorous program and the selection process was grueling. You’d think my confidence would be through the roof, but in all honesty, I felt like a hack, like I didn’t belong, that everyone else around me was so much more talented.

These were the things I told myself and I actually believed to be true. Everyone plays the comparison game. But yeah, it’s the story we tell ourselves on a daily basis that can dictate our confidence levels.

The years that followed, no matter how well I did, promotions that I got, it didn’t matter, I always had a feeling that I didn’t belong, that the ad world wasn’t for me. And I was right, but more on that later.

How did you get from where you were then to where you are now? What was that journey like for you?

I went from working in the ad world for a handful of years to slowly building a brand I can call my own.

I’ve been laid off twice, so I know the feeling all too well. The last time I was laid off my boss told me that it’s probably the worst day of my life and I was thinking to myself that it’s the best day of my life, because I saw the possibilities and I knew that I was meant for something different.

Something better for me. Something where I can utilize my abilities and experience and create something great, that’s fueled by passion and purpose. Gentleman Within was the best thing that I could have ever started. I want to spread the message that style is worth caring about and that through style you can improve in all areas of life.

For me the journey has been long and slow and it still is. I’m slowly growing and making my way in the industry, but I feel as if the work I’m creating is making a difference and that I am helping people.

My thought is that if I can help just one person, I’m doing a good job. Getting feedback from my followers, knowing that I am helping is what keeps me going. Nothing feels better than to know you’re making a positive difference in people’s lives.

The journey is long, but if I keep going I know I’ll find myself in a place I’m happy with…actually, I’m happy now. I’m having fun through the process and I think if you are having fun and enjoying the ride, that’s ultimately what it’s all about.

FREE E-BOOK

Build a Strong Foundation

Enter your email address below to discover

five fundamental ways to start

building self-confidence.

I will never send you spam. Unsubscribe at any time.

During this period, when you were in the process of going from your lowest level of confidence to your current level, what would you say were your greatest challenges, fears or pitfalls?

Greatest challenges I’d say is consistently putting in the work, especially when I didn’t feel like doing it which can happen more often than you’d think.

I feared being broke, jobless, homeless and nothing to live for. I know, sounds pretty morose, but my mind tends to venture into worst case scenarios so that I know the feeling and do everything in my control to ensure that those things do not happen.

For me, it’s just to stay the course. I know the end game and where I want to go, and now it’s just execution and consistent action to get there.

It takes time…Rome wasn’t built in a day, neither is personal style and neither is going from the bottom to the top in terms of confidence.

How did you work to overcome these obstacles? What do you continue to do to beat back your fears and overcome obstacles?

I remind myself daily why it is that I’m doing what I’m doing. The hows and the whats are cool, but it’s the why that will get you to take action day in and day out.

Like Tony Robbins says, if you can get a big enough why, you can do anything. And everything really is ‘figureoutable’ and so when I’m confronted with something I don’t know about, I educate myself.

We have endless technology and knowledge at our fingertips, there really is no excuse not to learn whatever it is that we’re seeking to do. It’s a matter of getting off our asses and doing something about it.

Entrepreneur Gary Vee says that people complain way too much and what comes out of their mouths doesn’t align with their actions. He’s so right, I see it first hand with many of my friends and acquaintances.

People who say a lot, but in the end don’t put in the necessary work to get there. I myself was in that position for the longest time and it wasn’t until I found my why that I had this unquenchable thirst to keep pushing. Find your why, and the game changes.

On your blog Gentleman Within, you’ve written that, “Style is a foundation that can help you reach your greatest achievements.” What role has style played in the development of your confidence and your ability to achieve?

To me style served as a conduit. Simply put, ss I started caring about my appearance, the world around me began to change.

My eyes finally opened. I became confident. I went on more quality dates, I excelled at work, I earned more money, I quickly paid off all of my student debt, I learned to manage my money, and I achieved a level of happiness that money can’t buy.

Essentially I improved in all areas of my life. And I owe it to a simple shift in thinking. Learning how to dress well taught me how to see and it really did change my life.

But as I said before, there are levels to confidence and gaining high levels of confidence comes from so much more than how you dress.

If you could go back and make the journey again, what would you do differently?

If I could go back and do it all again, I would get started sooner.

Easy to say now, but time is our most valuable asset and I can honestly say I wasted so many years doing something I didn’t truly love.

Besides starting sooner, I wouldn’t take anything back, because as cliche as it is, everything that I am today is because of where I’ve been and so, it’s a process and I’m still in process.

It’s lifelong learning, experimenting and not knowing because when you can admit that that you’ll never know everything, that’s the key. To humble yourself and let go of the ego.

The state of unknowing and that every single day is an opportunity for growth, that’s how we get better and become more confident day by day.

What advice would you give to someone who wants to get from a low level of self-confidence to high one?

This is a long one. For me confidence is something that comes with preparation and the more you know.

For example, if I were to give a presentation to a room of hundreds, on a topic that I know very little about, or that I am not passionate about, then I wouldn’t feel confident that I could deliver a rousing talk. A little bit of preparation goes a long way.

I think confidence comes over time, and when you become great at something, the more confident you become in yourself and your abilities and the less you care about external factors and learn to trust and believe in yourself regardless of others’ opinions.

You become self motivated and that confidence is cultivated in a way that no one can take it away from you.

You can always fake it till ya make it. But I like the idea of making it till you make it. By that I mean to create.

Instead of spending your days consuming content (TV, reading blogs, endlessly scrolling through various social media feeds, etc…) take the time to figure out what it is that drives you. When you go all in on your passions, the whole game changes.

A world of opportunities begins to open up that you never realized were even possible. I say this from experience with deciding to go all-in on my blog, Gentleman Within, and growing my brand with genuine patience.

It’s been one of the best decisions of my life and I think that anyone is capable of creating. As humans we’re all meant for so much more than coming home after a long day’s work and bingeing one tv show to the next, hopping from one app to the next.

If you’re always reading self-help material, I’d say implement what you consume immediately. It’s been said that we tend to forget more than 95% of the things that we don’t implement right away.

It’s not worth it to waste time reading about doing better, being better and not taking actions to actually get better. And finally, it’s been said many times, but try to spend more time creating than consuming.

That’s the key.

Anything else related to self-confidence or self-improvement you’d like to share with our readers?

Sure. I’d say that self-confidence, self-worth or any other type of mood or feelings that we as humans can feel is something that can be worked on.

We can groom ourselves to be great. I think confidence comes with mastery of a given topic. The more you can immerse yourself into something you love, the greater your chances of becoming the most self-assured, confident and best version of yourself possible.

Connect with Khoi:

Website: www.gentlemanwithin.com

YouTube: youtube.com/c/gentlemanwithin

Instagram: @thegentwithin

FREE E-BOOK

Build a Strong Foundation

Enter your email address below to discover

five fundamental ways to start

building self-confidence.

I will never send you spam. Unsubscribe at any time.

More Profiles in Confidence:<|endoftext|>Soccer Referee Jerseys & Shorts

If you’re going to be on your game as a referee, you’ve got to see everything that’s going on – and be seen. So don`t step out onto the pitch without one of our crisp, clean soccer referee uniforms. Available in both short and long sleeve, our referee jerseys let you easily stand out from players, keeping you safe and making sure you can be where you need to be at all times. We also offer referee shorts and socks to round off your uniform, available in a full range of sizes. With fast, flat-rate shipping and our no-hassle return policy, we guarantee you’ll get the right look and fit every time you shop with us.
Get all your soccer referee apparel right here at soccerloco, your premium source for some of the best soccer gear around – all at some of the best prices on the web.

Per manufacturer restrictions, you must add this item to your cart to see our price. You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.

Per manufacturer restrictions, you must add this item to your cart to see our price. You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.

soccerloco is the premier destination online to buy soccer shoes, jerseys, balls, equipment and more at the web's lowest prices. We offer the newest products from soccer's most trusted brands including Nike, adidas and Puma, as well as your favorite clubs like Barcelona, Manchester United and their European counterparts.<|endoftext|>All photos (except the crappy ones without her watermark -- I took those) by Anne C. Savage, my talented and beautiful wife. Visit her website HERE. No, seriously, you should. She's amazing.

There's not much to say about the teabaggers themselves. Since it was Ann Arbor and they have been repeatedly (and mostly justifiably) accused of being racist, they found a nice older African American woman to emcee. We knew she was African American because (a) her skin was brown and (b) she mentioned that she was raised by African American parents about ten times during the rally.

About 600 people showed up, about 400 were counter-protesters (the Good Guys.) The counter-protest was organized by the Univ. of Mich. College Dems, a dynamite group of very hard-working young Democrats. They had their counter-rally begin an hour early at 6:00. The teabaggers got wind of this so they tried moving theirs to 5:00 and then 4:30 based on their Facebook page - a counter-counter-rally if you will.

The speakers began at 7:00 and they were...well...boring. No, seriously. I guess Michigan doesn't really have any good teabag speakers or I'm just used to it now but these people are really ho hum these days. Because they are actually all pretty much getting tax cuts, they've been reduced to decrying the criminality of ALL taxes now. One guy suggested that taxes should only be used for wars (or getting ready for wars, of course.) Other than that, it's THEFT!

So, we amused ourselves with looking at all the signs and comparing & contrasting the smiling happy faces of the Democrats with the angry, scowling faces of the teabaggers. And, just to warn you, this is a college town and everyone had their spell checkers turned on: no comical misspellings were to be found.

This girl ♥ puppies. You can never go wrong if you ♥ puppies:



These students recognized the irony of holding a rally to protest taxes and "socialism" on a publicly-funded campus:



Hey, wait. There's that waffles guy again:



A return of Led Zepplin: demanded!



Here's me educating some teabaggers. My sign said "Washington IS listening to us! Support the Obama TAX CUTS!"



I think of this one as "The Battle of the Bellies". Angry-looking fat white guys at a teabagger rally. What are the odds...?

[NOTE: I am retracting this comment and have issued a public apology to the three men HERE. Please read it.]



Waffle Dude, you're everywhere! (By the way, the guy holding the "Inflation is a tax" sign is the guy I wrote about yesterday that called OFA volunteers "equivalent to Brown Shirts". Creep.)



This guy ran out of money when he bought the can of spray paint. Couldn't afford the posterboard. Totally didn't matter. (I didn't realize Colbert was running in the midterms, though... ;)



Here's the sign my buds from the most-awesome Obama Caucus of Ann Arbor brought along. Hard-core phone banking and canvassing liberals, that group.



Oh. Look. More angry white people...



A grateful college student is a wonderful thing to behold:



Cheer up, grandpa. You got a tax cut.



A worthy protest:



Ahhh...there's the love:



These ladies were the craziest of all the teabaggers. Hilariously, they showed up about an hour into the program, wandered around with their offensive signs for about 15 minutes then left again. Musta got themselves all worn out with all that protestin'...



Wait, is that Waffle Guy again? Hell, yeah, that's Waffle Guy again!



Remember that protester your government warned you about? [???] This is that guy:



Toward the end, a bunch of us went behind the speakers and started dancing to the music they played. That's my good buddy, Tom, with the "I Have a SIGN" sign. And, wait a second. Is that Waffle Guy again?



When the Lee Patriotwood (or whatever his name is) song came on, we all swayed and sang along... "I'm proud to be an American, where at least I know I'm FREEEEEEEE..."



Oh, Jebus, lady! You're harshin' my buzz! Besides, ACORN??? Dude, that is so January 2010...



(It should be noted that State Senate Republican Leader Mike Bishop showed up at the end to make a speech. I wasn't aware he was aligning himself with the teabaggers.)

So, all in all, pretty boring. Mostly funny because the liberal students (and even non-students) chose to use the event to have some fun and not take themselves too seriously. One group held a Mad Hatter Tea Party right smack in the middle of everything and carried around a huge sign saying, "Where's my bloody crumpet?"

There were pretty much no altercations. I saw no Hitler mustaches. No flagrantly racist signs (although there were some questionable comments by one speaker.) Their speakers were boring and spouted the same platitudes you hear every time. They talk about getting organized but they hate Republicans almost as much as Democrats to listen to them. Because of this they have no political apparatus to connect with so they have almost no chance of any solid electoral success, at least not in this area. Frankly they just really come across as a bunch of pouty, spoiled brats who still can not accept the fact that they lost the election in 2008. Well, boo hoo, folks. You did.

And we didn't. And we're making progress. And you just have to deal.

If you likey, would you mind giving me a Digg? Thanks!

I'm just sayin'...

UPDATE 2: Hate mail starting to roll in. Just got this one from "Alex Tijerna":

Subj: Only 400 people (Good Guys) So there was only 400 people. That is nothing. For as liberal as Anabor is you would expect more.

Guess the 15% unemployment in Michigan either is staying at home or people are waking up that all "This Hope and Change"are nothing but a punch of words.

I typed that exactly how I received it, bold font, misspellings and laughable grammar included.

More in the comments section on my blog.

UPDATE 3: More photos from the rally from my friend, Pam, can be seen HERE (including the "Bloody Crumpets" sign and the Mad Hatter Tea Party guys.

Become a Facebook Fan of Anne C. Savage Photography by clicking the button below:<|endoftext|>The subject matter disclosed herein relates to a gas turbine engine and, more specifically, to a fuel nozzle for a combustor of the gas turbine engine.
A gas turbine engine generally includes a turbine and a combustor with a fuel nozzle. A mixture of fuel and air combusts within the combustor to generate hot combustion gases, which drive rotation of turbine blades in the turbine and, in turn, a shaft coupled to a load, e.g., an electrical generator. The fuel-air mixture (e.g., uniformity of fuel-air mixing in the combustor) can significantly impact power output, efficiency, and exhaust emissions of the gas turbine engine. In addition, combustion of the fuel-air mixture in the combustor can cause combustion dynamics, vibration, and thermal gradients, which can impact the performance and life of various combustor components, such as the fuel nozzle. For example, the fuel nozzle may be subjected to thermal growth due to its close proximity to the hot products of combustion. These combustion-related effects can complicate the design of gas turbine engines, particularly the combustors and fuel nozzles.<|endoftext|>